Beats:
A key characteristic of modern IT environments is that useful data is generated
everywhere. Appliances sitting on the edge of your network can have important metrics
to capture; a fleet of frontend, backend, and database servers can generate critical
error or warning logs, and the application your customer runs can generate in-depth
instrumentation and tracing related to application performance bottlenecks you care
about. Data is not only dispersed across the environment but is also varied in terms of the
nature of the information, how it's structured, and how it should be collected.
When data is generated, it typically will need to be shipped to a centralized logging
platform for search, correlation, and analysis. Beats agents are designed to collect and ship
the data to such a central destination.
Kibana data views
A fundamental aspect of starting to work with a dataset on Kibana is configuring the data
view for the data. A Kibana data view determines what underlying Elasticsearch indices will
be addressed in a given query, dashboard, alert, or machine learning job configuration. Data
views also cache some metadata for underlying Elasticsearch indices, including the field
names and data types (the schema) in a given group of indices. This cached data is used in
the Kibana interface when creating and working with visualizations.
In the case of time series data, data view can configure the name of the field containing the
timestamp in a given index. This allows Kibana to narrow down your queries, dashboards,
and so on to the appropriate time range on the underlying indices, allowing for fast and
efficient results. The universal date and time picker at the top right of the screen allows
granular control of time ranges. The time picker will not be available if a time field is not
configured for a data view.
Data view can also specify how fields should be formatted and rendered on visualizations.
For example, a source.bytes integer field can be represented by bytes to automatically
format values in human-readable units such as MB or GB.
